Selecting an "available" entity talking-points:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
So, when selecting the user instance from the database, we first try against
main, with the condition that edit-in-progress is YES, and all other flags are
NO.  But what about the state when the user exists in main, and its
sync-in-progress flag is YES, and all other flags are NO?  What should I do?
Here's what I think: return the user from the main store, but, there should be
an application-rule that says: "If an entity's sync-in-progress flag is YES,
then it cannot be updated to be marked as edit-in-progress."  There will be a
notification to indicate when an entity has been synced (i.e., copied to remote
master, and local master); when the application gets this notification, its
response can be to simply go to local master, fetch the entity, and refresh the
current GUI screen.  Yeah - that works.  And remember, to reiterate, if a user
in the app is on a screen that presents a table-view of entities, and one of
them is marked as 'sync-in-progress', sure, the user can tap on it to view its
details, but the "Edit" button should be grayed-out.

On notifications:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Perhaps I should incorporate structure to the text messages that make up a
notification.  For example, the notification message indicating that a
particular entity was synced successfully could be: "synced:1902348109342" - the
integer part would be the local identifier of the entity that was synced.  So,
in the application, if the user just happened to be looking at a screen that was
dispaying the entity in question, the screen could repaint itself or display a
transient dialog message to indicate the state change of the entity.
